crates to urbanization crates because
property became an even easier source of
revenue. And so when that came down, it
brought really down two uh pillars of
the economy. So stabilizing real estate
is absolutely crucial in a good
scenario. Five to seven years stabilize
China can move on. Now we already seen
signs five to seven years counting
starting from 2022. So we're
halfway in the good scenario and that's
coming from international data. A bad
scenario would be 10 years. So um I
think uh if you look at the wealth
effect uh uh you know if if Chinese
people's wealth really dropped by a
third that has major consequences on
consumption as well. So you really need
to stabilize real estate to build that
foundation for a stable um a rebound.
but also to mention that um you're
seeing signs of a transition already uh
in the economic structure a bit away
from the real estate into broadly
categorizes high-tech sector. So the
government coming back to the recent um